Ytt integration testing (#797)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework: pkg/v1/providers/tests/README.md

# Tests for YTT Cluster templates

This directory is a standalone toolkit for validating the cluster templates that are generated by tanzu-framework.

Validating these YTT templates generally involves:

> - using `clustergen` to compare a broad range of parametric variations for regressions in the expected behaviour after configuration changes that isn't exlicitly tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- using `clustergen` to compare a broad range of parametric variations for regressions in the expected behaviour after configuration changes that isn't explicitly tested.
```

## Unit tests

The unit tests in this repository can be run like so:

```bash
cd pkg/v1/providers/tests/
/usr/local/bin/go test -timeout 30s -run ^TestUnit$ github.com/vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework/pkg/v1/providers/tests/unit/matchers
```

You can write an end to end unit test by:

- Importing YTT values required for your cluster overlay.

- Invoking the various YTT files required to make a cluster, simulating the normal behaviour of tanzu cli.

## Input tkr and tkg boms

There are TKR and TKG bom files that are inluded in this directory for isolated testing purposes.
They may need periodic updates, in a manner similar to that of the `config_variable_association.star` files in other parts of this repository.

### Examples

- For a "full cluster template" test, see the windows_test.go, which generates a full windows cluster from YTT and then verifies the top level topology of CAPI components.

> - For a more targetted test example of how a specific YTT module is behaving, see the ip_family tests, which verify the behaviour of YTT transormations that occur for various networking related functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a more targeted test example of how a specific YTT module is behaving, see the ip_family tests, which verify the behaviour of YTT transformations that occur for various networking related functionality.
```
